if you transfer all the memories in your
brain into the virtual world you will be
immortal but this requires two
conditions one is to crush your head to
ash second you have to let the living
person charge you do you agree with this
today i will introduce to you a movie
with such content upload is a sci-fi
film featuring artificial intelligence
popularized in 2033 to help people
connect with each other you can even
make video calls with family members
after you die
this is a new generation the generation
of the future nathan is a programmer
after nathan and his girlfriend ingrid
slept together the two planned to return
home but the artificial intelligence had
a problem that caused nathan's car to
crash into the cargo truck when he
regained consciousness he found himself
in the hospital only his girlfriend
beside the doctor said he is dying
hearing that ingrid asks them to take
him to lake view a virtual place for the
rich nathan can live there ingrid and
her family are members of horizon a
place that gives people new feelings
using artificial intelligence now nathan
remembers the last time ingrid's father
told him about lakeview and had invited
him to proceed with the upload the
medical staff got the contract and gave
nathan to sign it at first he declined
anyway letting the living person charge
you is a very embarrassing thing
but ingrid didn't really want him dead
so nathan agreed nathan was taken into
the operating room the doctor opened the
device before he could say anything the
machine crushed his head the remains of
the corpse rolled onto the bed
his mother and girlfriend outside are
very scared nathan dies he comes to new
life in lakeview it simulates victorian
architecture built in a classical style
the temperature of the four seasons can
be arbitrarily changed for everyone to
enjoy as much as possible nathan was
surprised when flores boss created a
place like this everything is very
comfortable more than in his real world
there is a charge for food and drink he
doesn't know life here yet so it's a bit
difficult the day nathan went to the
toilet but strangely how he goes can be
standardized in the toilet bowl
then he was enjoying himself so he was
playing around a bit he forgot a waiter
was looking at him has anyone ever done
this the waiter laughed and said yes sir
then nathan went to the hotel cafeteria
there are all kinds of things here a
very delicious food table people here
need to have someone live to recharge
the amount of electricity charged
determines the person's quality of life
moreover dogs here can speak human
language the waiter can also clone all
of this looks perfect and looks great
that day he was walking in the park when
he saw someone filming and advertisement
he went to ask him the heavenly places
here the advertiser showed him a tall
building on the map but it's just a
projected picture even people jumping
into the lake lagged because the frame
rate dropped nathan was beginning to
feel incomprehensible about the place he
left angrily he didn't care if he could
disappear or not go straight to the line
of numbers nora is the customer service
officer here when she heard her client
wanted to self-destruct she immediately
ran to stop him nora explained
everything to him but in reality she is
also extremely boring to work she has to
take the train life depends on money
communication is on software
after work she also had to take care of
her father who was sick when she went to
work she was criticized by her
colleagues and her superiors kept
laughing at her in the evening norah's
company is empty but the computer is
hacked they wanted to erase nathan's
memory because of his suicide behavior
nathan is scheduled to receive
psychotherapy the doctor gave me a dog
to feed his floor friend gave him the
big dog he said this dog is very good
while nathan was playing with the dog in
the room
hey hi nathan the dog is controlled by a
psychiatrist he arranges for nathan a
task of making five new friends on
nora's side she wanted to bring her
father into lake view but the boss said
she was unworthy and disagreed in the
meantime nathan was looking for a new
friend he saw a boy named dylan who had
been living in lakeview for six years
but after a while the boy got into a
fight with the gardener nathan saw
everything he asked nora why the boy was
like that nora tells him that since the
boy was boring he changed his setting to
a bearded man
some people also change their settings
to private and then strip off but but
privacy in this world is just a cover
everyone's actions are watched after
returning to the room nathan saw a rich
old man
he remembers his mission is to find five
people to make friends
so he said hello and came to talk to him
he says he is a programmer and is
running a program application but when
the old man asked him for the name of
the application nathan couldn't remember
he says the app he makes allows people
to download for free and enter their own
virtual world then the old man laughed
saying so you were killed you ran into a
company that has an annual income of up
to 600 billion dollars without anyone
killing you the day nathan was taken by
nora to the lowest floor of lake view
this is the residence of people with
only 2 g each month they are only
charged 2 000 units and can only read
five pages of books for free when used
up they will turn into black and white
there are even some people who don't
have things to wear just to save
electricity nathan went upstairs even
though the real world is very different
from the virtual world a lot of young
people want to come here to find strange
feelings dylan just woke up he wanted to
swim a waiter hastily took off his shirt
and put it on dylan's body dylan shouted
to get everyone's attention norris saw
that and then connected to lake view it
turned out that when dylan got a tattoo
chromosomes i turned into xx the boy
changes his gender to a girl nathan's
floor friend in lakeview had just met a
girl but when they just talked she left
just because she knows he is a virtual
person the supermarket employee was
checking the camera when she found out
that nathan's girlfriend had been
secretly doing something in nathan's car
could it be that nathan died because of
his girlfriend but when she did not have
a clear investigation her car had a
problem it did not listen to the
operator and crashed into the sea i
float as a 2020 american latest sci-fi
film in the digital world of the future
people can come back to life can control
the weather with the push of a button
you can even change all the clothes you
want would you like to live in a world
like this please leave your comments
below thanks for watching bye
you